so bloggers can come here and enjoy
social networking free coffee free Wi-Fi
and I thought it'd be fun to just crash
one of their tables right now so oh hey
look it's Nicole from mobile geeks hey
Nicole are you doing i'm pretty good how
are you wonderful so tell us about
mobile geeks so we cover smartphones
tablets ultrabooks and future chances
were actually headquartered in Taiwan
wonderful so speaking of trends what are
some of the attractive trends that
you're seeing this year at CES well
there is a ton of wearables at an
absolute ton samsung kind of launched it
with the galaxy gear everyone's going to
catch up this show all right so Nicole
you mentioned wearables in terms of
Samsung products are there any other
things here at CES that have caught your
eye that's easy like the sense of God's
to tab pro I mean it's a big tablet and
it's targeted at productivity Samsung's
software with the multiscreen it's
really kind of taken all the things I've
been missing
protected me and put them in so I'm
looking forward to a deeper view on that
one how's it going we're pretty good
yeah I mean this is great who is not in
a great mood at CES oh absolutely
especially after we survived already the
first two days I know exactly exactly we
need a high five for surviving the first
two days of CES whoo whoo so what are
some of the attractive trends that
you're seeing at CES 2014 topic over
here at OCS automotive right there never
in the history of cs before in so many
car companies here on the show floor
what we see is the merger in between the
mobile that we're using in our pocket or
that that is in our pocket and the
mobile that brings us from eight to be
so it's all coming together and it's
very exciting I think the car is the
next big thing absolutely i mean at
first it was the phone because it's the
thing that we use the most but the next
thing that we all use the most
especially in America is our car yeah
and so I'm really excited even to see
things like the BMW i3 and the galaxy
gear yeah it's a very cool partnership
going on and you're right i think it's
the first of many that we're going to
see even next year at CES it's like the
start of that trend all right well thank
you so much for talking with us and
stopping by the samsung smart studio all
right that's it Thank You Sasha thank
you